In order to capture data about a Linux system,
it turns out that what we need to do is read the file system.
Most of the data about the status of
a Linux system is stored in the file system often in the proc directory.
So if we look at what's going on in the proc directory here on the terminal,
we see lots of different sub-directories.
There are directories with integral names.
These directories correspond to different processes,
and the processes map to process IDs.
So the directory name is the process ID of each process,
and then there are other directories that correspond to
more general information about the system,
and most of the information that we're looking for about
the status of our Linux system is here within the proc directory.
So in order to capture this information for our system monitor,
we've created a Linux parser header and source file,
and an interesting thing about the Linux parser is it's not actually a class.
There's not really any object level data or
member level data that needs to be persisted within Linux parser.
So instead, it's defined as a namespace.
There are some constant strings basically some file system path
variables that are constants of
the namespace and then there are lots of
different functions that live within the namespace.
But this is not a class for which we instantiate objects.
This is just a namespace within which we have represented different functions,
and if you look at the source file,
then some of these functions we've given examples of how to implement,
and some of these functions we've given dummy implementations
that you'll need to go replace in order to get the project to work.